Office Location: Vaughan
Dr. Kayla Yosipovich
PSY.D. | CLINICAL PSYCHOLOGIST
Home:

Picture of me

Providing Empathic and Evidence Based Therapy for Children and Adolescents

At Emerald Psychology, we provide compassionate and evidence based care for children and adolescents, struggling with a wide range of emotional, behavioural and psychological challenges. Our goal is to provide parents and children with the tools they need to lead confident, functional, and successful lives.

Services:

Individual Therapy for Children:

Dr. Kayla Yosipovich provides personalized child therapy designed to meet your child's needs and strengths. Her primary goal is to ensure your child feels comfortable to talk about anything and everything. Once your child is comfortable, Dr. Yosipovich helps them gain self awareness of their struggles, and works with them to develop strategies that they feel confident in. Dr, Yosipovich ensures that parents are very involved in the therapeutic process, working to support the child with their skills while also supporting the parents as their child's partner in overcoming their struggles. Dr. Yosipovich employs elements of Cognitive Behaviour Therapy (CBT), Dialectic Behaviour Therapy (DBT), and  Emotional Focused Therapy (EFT), and Play Therapy in her work with children.

Individual Therapy for Adolescents:

Adolescence can be a time filled with struggles relating to many factors; including hormonal changes, academic expectations, social pressure, and growth.


Dr. Yosipovich provides tailored adolescent therapy to meet the adolescent at their level. She ensures your teenager feels comfortable and supported, validating their concerns and feelings. Her goal is to provide your teenager with the skills they need to manage their challenges independently, and have the self awareness to ask for help when they begin to feel overwhelmed. Dr. Yosipovich works alongside parents while their teen is in therapy; working to promote collaboration and harmony in the parent-child relationship.

About Me:

Welcome. My name is Dr. Kayla Yosipovich and I am a Clinical Child & Adolescent Psychologist. I have been working in private practice for seven years, working exclusively with children and adolescents. My priority within therapy is to ensure your family feels comfortable and supported throughout the therapy process. My primary mode of therapy is Cognitive Behaviour Therapy, which I tailor flexibly to the needs of each client. I believe in offering support through a multi-faceted approach; working individually with the child,  coaching and work together with the parents throughout, and consulting with child's school as needed.

I have extensive experience treating mood disorders, challenges in emotional regulation, behaviour struggles, and school related challenges. I am especially passionate about working with children and adolescents struggling with anxiety; including Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder, Separation Anxiety, Selective Mutism, and Specific Phobias. I am a strong proponent of involving parents in treatment, as I have seen that lasting change happens when parents are partners in the therapy process alongside their child.

Prior to working in private practice, I spent three years as a School Psychologist with the Toronto District School Board, providing assessments to students, consulting with teachers and support staff, and working alongside parents to ensure their child's support at school. I completed my doctoral internship at North York General Hospital in the Child & Adolescent Mental Health Outpatient Clinic, providing outpatient evidence based therapy to adolescents in the community as well as adolescents in the Day Hospital program My previous training experiences include work in a residential treatment centre, various hospital clinics, and school boards. I graduated from Ferkauf Graduate School of Psychology with a Masters Degree (MS) in School Psychology, and with my Doctorate (PsyD) in Clinical Child Psychology in 2018.

In my free time, I enjoy spending time with my husband and children, bike riding, spending time in nature, and baking.


Address: 3910 Bathurst St Suite 307, North York, ON M3H 5Z3
Phone: (437) 253-1398